and you
the food the tobacco the coffee we
produces tensions in the teeth that do not
disappear with hygiene and cleanings
usual teeth whitening is
treatment of deep cleaning
Enamel consists of placing a product
chemical that is carbamide peroxide
on the tooth surface what we
get on it along with the activation
of light in the central 'box' a cleaning
in depth of enamel
tooth whitening is a
deep cleaning treatment of the
teeth then when we do
an oral hygiene what we do is
clean the surface of the enamel when
we do a whitening
dental what we are doing is a
whitening in depth of the
enamel to do whitening
dental
we need about an hour of
time getting that we can reduce
in one or two shades the color with which
the patient has come